hi everyone sink here this video is
about the senses i'm considering to
using my power system i am still not
completely sure but whether i'm going to
use them a lot other side on that later
when i can test them for actually
controlling the device the stuff i'm
bowling here is just a display method
for the sensors which i've explained in
a second don't forget to come back to my
side www thinkgeek own and the forum
forum not synced come to check out this
and other stuff that i've bought or plan
to build also if you have any advice
about my videos what's wrong with them
are gonna make them better or more
entertaining more fun to watch that kind
of thing please feel free to leave a
comment be me or whatever you feel like
i would really appreciate any advice you
can give me thanks in advance anyway
let's get going so this is small for
sensitive resistor more force equals
less resistance I've cleared us about I
can use these ok the display the red LED
had the right will be lit when every day
is no reading large enough to go through
I can set this value in my coat the
early other LEDs or position indicators
from right to left 02 250 the red one at
the left is the danger zone the last 60
steps will determine its brightness as
you can see putting forth on the
resistor will increase the position like
they set up now this is a single
direction sensor meaning i will need
another one to decrease the position
lightly pressing on the sensor will
slowly increase the position but putting
more fortune will increase the position
more rapidly
this is a small thermistor its
resistance decreases as temperature
increases it is set up as a directional
sensor meaning the position is directly
related to the reading I get from them
this will obviously be used for safety
reasons now that quickly the position
goes up and how long it takes to cool
down again this will shut down the power
system and render it inactive until it
is sufficiently cool down
this is a flex sensor it's reading
changes depending on to each side
dependent at how far you've ended the
one direction the reading goes up the
other way it goes down this is also set
up as a directional sensor bending it
that way they read the petition goes up
it's pretty good controller position
pinning it backwards it goes off I'm not
completely sure what I'm gonna do with
this but it's probably going to be
implemented in PI system because it's a
pretty accurate way of controlling
system yet so we'll see about that so
these are the sensors I'm good news
thanks for watching I hope you enjoyed
it please rate comment and subscribe if
you did thanks bye